[Music]
[Applause]
twelve things guys do that make girls
melt hey guys listen up looking to
impress the ladies it might be easier
than you think
grab a baby grow a beard snag a red suit
and let's get things sizzling don't
worry you don't have to do all these
things at the same time unless you want
to fight the ladies off with a stick
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to join
us on the bright side of life twelve
make women laugh did you know that
having a good sense of humor is an
attractive trait in a mate according to
a study by the anthropology and
psychology departments at the University
of New Mexico being humorous shows
traits of intelligence creativity and
more so if you're looking to get the
attention of a woman you're interested
in try making a little joke just make
sure your jokes and comments are
humorous in an inoffensive way steer
clear of jokes that could offend other
people keep it light and of course don't
make her the butt of the joke unless you
want to stay single 11 be pro-social
whether you're doing it to get the
attention of a potential mate or just
striving to be a well-rounded individual
doing good in social settings is always
a great idea to be pro-social means to
go about your life with the intent of
being helpful to others a man who feels
empathy for those who are down and out
or who simply need an extra hand can be
incredibly attractive to a woman but
don't just take my word for it a study
conducted by the Institute of sociology
and Social Psychology at the University
of Cologne in Germany proved that a
person's pro-social behavior has a
positive impact on finding a steady life
partner so the next time you see someone
on the street who could use a hand take
the time to be more compassionate when
you do good everyone wins
surround yourself with high status items
just because you're not necessarily high
status doesn't mean you can't look like
you are while money may not always
equate to happiness
it can help attract a woman's attention
well that's what a 2014 study published
in the Journal of evolutionary
psychology says things like owning a
nice car and having a luxury apartment
can win the attention of many women
interestingly though it doesn't work the
opposite way and the studies showed that
men aren't necessarily attracted to
women sporting the same high ticket
items but don't stress if you don't have
a penthouse apartment with a balcony
overlooking the city it doesn't mean you
won't find love but wouldn't it be
awesome to live in one of those 9 sport
and older look many people believe that
men look more attractive with age but
don't go out and buy a walker and a pair
of bifocals just yet
looking like you've experienced things
and gained a little wisdom can go a long
way in 2010 a Barthe University's
division of Psychology held a study
where they surveyed 3,770 people they
learned that heterosexual women are more
likely to be attracted to men who are
older this suggests that women like men
who have seen and experienced more in
their lives and are more financially
independent than younger inexperienced
men in fact women with more financial
independence themselves prefer older men
as well psychologists call this the
George Clooney effect 8 attained a bit
of mystery when you're interested in a
woman it's not always a good idea to
profess your love for her right off the
bat a study conducted by Harvard
University and the University of
Virginia proved that uncertainty when it
came to knowing if a man was interested
in them or not was incredibly attractive
in the study college women were asked to
take a look at the Facebook pages of
various guys who had already viewed
their own pages though women were then
told whether or not these men liked them
a lot
an average amount for an uncertain
amount and guess what
the women were more attracted to the men
who were uncertain about how they felt
about them it seems that women like a
little bit of mystery in their lives
no wonder Austin Powers international
man of mystery got all the ladies 7b a
dog lover looking to woo the ladies it's
best to turn to none other than man's
best friend when a man can look after a
dog it shows women that he has the
potential to commit to something
long-term and has substantial caretaking
skills additionally women who are
looking to start a family are especially
attracted to men with dogs even if the
man is only looking for a short-term
relationship either way who doesn't want
to be with someone who has a cute dog 6
where red women aren't the only ones who
look great in red a 2010 study in the
Journal of Experimental Psychology
described how men are more desirable to
women when adorned in red in fact in
many non-human vertebrate species
females are more likely to mate with
males who have red on them since it's
often a signal of male status so the
next time you go out to a party you
better slap on a red tie 5 take risks
you've seen the brave superhero get the
woman of his dreams and countless
blockbusters but this is also true in
real life G William farthings research
in 2007 showed that women often prefer
men who take big risks and do heroic
deeds these heroic risk takers are seen
to be brave physically fit and attention
seeking
men who avoid taking risks aren't
considered to be as altruistic agreeable
or sexy for grow a beard it looks like
Jason Momoa from Aquaman is on to
something a 2013 study from the
University of New South Wales revealed
that women find men with an intermediate
level of bearded nough smore attractive
and nate lee men with beards are
perceived to be healthier and better
parents the thicker the beard the more
masculine vibes a guy puts out so put
away the Clippers and let that beard
grow 3 work on those muscles this may
not come as a surprise but a 2007 study
from UCLA discovered that some women are
more attracted to men with muscles women
find these men sexier and physically
dominant which is valuable in a mate
this blatant masculinity is incredibly
attractive to women and they're
considered more likely to commit to long
term relationships to be good with kids
[Music]
it's pretty well known that men with
babies melt women's heart on the spot
but why women subconsciously decide if a
man is ready for a long-term
relationship based on how they are with
children this was proven to be true in a
2006 study from the University of
Chicago and the University of California
Santa Barbara where women revealed they
were more attracted to men who liked
children no matter how attractive they
were being good with kids has a major
impact on whether or not women consider
them to be a good long-term mate one
it's all about height
when it comes to height apparently size
does matter and that's according to a
study held in 2014 at Rice University
and the University of North Texas 601
women were asked how they felt about
dating a man of tall stature and the
majority of them said they preferred it
many of the women liked how being with
someone tall made them feel more
delicate they weren't crazy about the
idea of looking down into a man's eyes
the results suggested that women look
for protection and security in a man
which they equate with height did you
find these tips helpful don't be shy let
us know what else makes the women in
your life melt in the comments don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
you